[ELIARIA]
Dear Mister Ryoma,
the start of the new term
is quickly approaching,
so I'll be moving into a
capital dormitory soon!
This is my very first time
to be living on my own.
I have to admit,
I'm a bit scared.
That's a secret not
even my family knows.
But I'm telling you because
your emotional support
will no doubt help me persevere!
There should be
an upcoming festival
held in Gimul,
if I'm not mistaken.
I hope everyone at Bamboo
Forest Laundry enjoys it!
[RYOMA]
Elia is moving out.
Be great if I could send her
a gift for the occasion.
The question is what.
Miss Carla had a good idea!
If you think about it,
clothing's actually
a great present to give someone.
Because when people look nice,
they can't help
but to feel nice, too.
So it's like you're
wishing them well.
Or something along those lines.
Wait, how am I supposed
to pick an outfit
for her, though?
I'm so clueless about
what's "in vogue,"
I don't even know
if people still say that.
I could try flowers,
gift cards, gold coins, nah.
There's my new
deodorant solution.
Consumable gifts are nice
since they don't waste space.
This case calls for something
made by hand, though.
I got it!
[RYOMA]
Perfection.
Just have to let it
sit for a while, then...
Voila! Handmade soap!
But I can do better.
I can improve the foam
and feel if I change
the composition a little.
Maybe even enhance the scent!
I know!
I'll mold 'em in the
shape of some of Elia's
favorite things!
Bingo!
What else did Elia
mention in her letter
apart from moving
to the capital?
Something about a festival?
[RYOMA] May I have a moment
of your time, Mister Callum?
Of course, sir.
My attention is yours.
[RYOMA] I have it on good
authority that Gimul
will be holding a festival soon.
I was just curious if you
knew anything about that.
Hmm... No, I'm
afraid that I don't.
Should I look into it?
Nah. Though I appreciate
you wanting to help.
I was only asking.
Well, neither one of us have
lived in this town very long.
You should ask someone who has.
That's a good call,
and I do know a local
who grew up here!
[RYOMA] Sorry to bother
you, Mister Dolce.
[DOLCE]
You're fine.
Do you know about
any festivals coming up?
[DOLCE]
Hmm.
Only thing that'd
happen this time of year
is the Founding Festival.
[RYOMA]
And what is that?
A celebration to honor the
day they founded Gimul.
How exactly do you celebrate?
With stalls on main street.
All kinds of 'em.
Traveling performers also come.
They're a sight to see.
These stalls, are they
put on by the town's
shop owners, by chance?
Well, you can apply for a stall
regardless of what you own,
but it's not mandatory.
[RYOMA]
A festival stall.
It might be worth looking into.
If our employees are
interested, that is.
I guess there's one more thing.
We sometimes hold
a cleaning event
once the festivities end.
That's great!
I asked because I wanna take
part as a way to give back.
Gimul's been really good to us.
I see.
Well, that's the extent
of my answer for you.
And it was perfect!
Thanks for being so detailed!
Oh, don't mention it.
Know what's funny?
You're the only local
that we've hired.
Everybody else is from
somewhere outside of Gimul.
[DOLCE]
That a fact?
[RYOMA]
Yes!
Mister Callum was introduced
to us through Mister Serge
and is from a town
called Louiam,
while Mister Fei
and Miss Li Ling
hail from the country of Gilmar.
Miss Selma's at least from
the same country as us,
but that's where the
similarities stop.
Miss Jane, Miss Fina,
and Miss Maria
aren't from Gimul,
but they do hail
from the same village.
I'm glad we have
someone who's in touch
with the local community.
That's the point
I'm trying to get at.
[DOLCE chuckles]
There you are!
Did you need me?
I just received word
from my sister
who's at the Lenaf location.
That's unusual.
Did Miss Carla reach out
because something happened
at the second shop?
Yes. For reasons that are
not yet known to us,
all of their cleaner slimes
have begun to multiply.
[RYOMA]
Without any warning?
Right.
And now there are far too
many for Mister Caulkin
and the others to contract with.
Heard loud and clear.
I'll leave as soon as I can.
The slimes seemed
a lot giddier than usual
when they heard about
the brand-new ones!
But no time to waste!
[RYOMA]
Whoa! That's one giant crowd!
You're here!
[RYOMA] I came as fast as
I could once I heard about
the cleaner slimes.
Of course. Right this way.
[CAULKIN]
Boss! Thank goodness!
[RYOMA]
Yep, that's a lot of slimes.
These are just the ones
you weren't able to form
contracts with, is that right?
Yes, indeed.
A total of 75 slimes left.
[RYOMA]
That's quite a population boom.
Anyway, contracts!
Nice! Our contract's complete.
Glad to have you on.
Welcome to the team, everyone!
[CAULKIN]
Wow.
You tamed every excess
cleaner slime that we had!
Thought of anything that
might've caused this?
Slimes don't multiply
so fast for nothing.
Here's what our investigation
helped us piece together.
All of this?
That's very impressive.
Written in such
a short time, too.
Made fast and efficiently, sir.
Tony and Lobelia are the reason
it's as good as it is, honestly.
I see.
This branch is even busier
than our original shop,
meaning more slime food.
So, the slimes were
making more solution
than we could sell.
We limited the amount of
solution that they were
allowed to produce,
and the backup of nutrients
in their systems must've
led them to multiply.
[RYOMA] And they'll continue
to multiply unless we
do something with that energy.
From now on we won't
limit the production
of deodorizing solution.
We'll just let them make
as much as they want,
then simply discard
whatever we can't use.
Whoa. So simple, yet so genius!
Let's try it out!
Not only did they identify
the cause of the problem,
they thought up a
great way to solve it.
I'm so glad these people
decided to work here with me!
They're also some of the
few individuals in the world
who'd be willing to spend their
whole night discussing slimes.
Okay, now back to Gimul.
Or maybe I'll pop in and say a
quick hi to Mister Pioro first.
[RYOMA]
Uh-- Weird barrels.
Ugh! Jeez! That reeks!
[PIORO]
Hey there! Nice timing!
What's good, Ryoma?
[RYOMA]
Nothing's good!
Not with those stinking
up the place!
[PIORO] That would be
compliments of some of my
younger staff members.
They brought these barrels
stuffed with fermented fish
called "shappaya."
Check it out. Ew, ugh!
It actually makes for
great preserved food,
but the smell gets everywhere,
so is it really worth it?
[RYOMA] Reminds me of
"kusaya" from back on Earth.
[PIORO] You've got all sorts
of tricks up your sleeve.
Can you do something
about this smell?
[RYOMA]
Never shy about making requests.
Wait.
[MIYA]
You're making hiss-tory!
This new item will
fur-ever improve the lives
of cat beastkin everywhere!
Like, my hopes couldn't
be higher right meow!
Well, you may be in
luck, Mister Pioro.
I'd be happy to run a little
test, with your permission.
Yes! Stop all my customers
from running away!
You have my full approval!
I hope it works.
Yoo-hoo!
C'mere, deodorant slime.
[PIORO]
A deodorant slime?
What's this one do?
Eats smells like this for
breakfast, that's what!
And it makes a fluid that
absorbs any kind of odor.
This is somehow different
from the deodorizing fluid
your other slimes make?
Yeah.
It's an entirely new slime.
The stuff it makes is better
for dampening odors
over large areas.
Normal cleaner slimes can't
do what this one does.
Here. Go show him what I mean.
That awful stench
is completely gone!
Bad news is that the effect only
lasts for about a day or so.
The good news is I have
some solution for you
in this baggie.
Thanks! Always so generous!
Such a good deed must be repaid!
All righty!
How about you document how
long the stench stays gone
and keep me updated
as a way to repay me?
That really all you want?
[RYOMA] Knowledge is a
valuable commodity,
and this kind of
data is priceless.
You're too modest
for your own good.
I know, take this!
You've earned at least
one barrel, if not more!
A whole barrel?
Uh-huh.
This will make your trek back
to Gimul even easier.
Pop the top and...
...send monsters running!
A strategy that stinks, but also
doesn't at the same time.
Yeah! I really like it.
Thank you for the idea!
S'what I do.
Now, have a safe
journey back home.
Right!
Oh, wait, I was sorta hoping
I could say hi to Miss Miyabi
before I left.
If she's not busy, that is
Aw. Tough luck, kiddo.
Miyabi's on her way
to the royal capital.
Probably taking a nap in
the carriage as we speak.
Wow! She did it!
Wait a second, you wanna
study at the academy?
[MIYABI]
Yeah.
Great way to make
good connections
as a future businessperson.
Yeah, for what's it's worth,
I'm also bummed
she left so early.
Could've given her
some monster-repelling
shappaya, too.
Too bad.
Some folks might like fermented
fish as a parting gift,
but she's not one of 'em.
You're always like
this around me.
Do I stink?
[SELMA]
Make it stop!
Oh, please, make it stop!
[RYOMA]
There we go!
Mister Pioro was right,
that gross fish barrel
kept anything from
messing with me.
[CALLUM] I'm a little bit
surprised to see you back
so soon.
Oh? I just had to contract
the remaining slimes.
They all handled the rest.
Good to know it's resolved.
Now that you're home,
Mister Serge was looking
to schedule a meeting
with you, sir.
I've got some time.
Should I be heading to the
Morgan Trading Company, or?
No. He wanted to visit you here.
Huh? I'm ready whenever he is.
Especially if he's gonna make
it easy and come to us.
I'll go tell him.
Oh, yes! There is one
other thing, sir.
What would that be?
We were given a little present.
It's from Miss Fina
and the others' town.
[RYOMA]
Huh?
I believe Miss Jane's on break.
Perhaps she'll be
willing to fill you in.
She knows more about
it than I do, at least.
So embarrassing, right?
Our folks sent these
without saying a word.
They claimed it's
a "gift," but...
...it's really a bribe.
Talk about blunt!
Gifts like this are actually
a fairly common thing,
but it's nice.
Parents can't guarantee
their children's employers
treat them well, so they
send gifts to gain favor
and up the odds.
[RYOMA]
Guess that makes sense.
This is a thank-you for already
treating us well, though.
For you and everyone
working here.
A buncha wheat and semesa.
Semesa?
[JANE] Oh, a homegrown
crop from our village.
[RYOMA]
I see.
That's pretty fragrant.
Like, enough to add some
nice flavor to foods!
Maybe this is Seilfall's
version of sesame.
What a wonderful gift!
I'm grateful, but isn't this
a little bit too much?
Nah.
I mean yes, it's quite a lot,
but everything we got
are leftovers they
weren't able to sell.
Man, that's concerning.
Are they doing okay?
[laughs] I think so.
In any case,
let your parents know
they don't have to send gifts
to ensure your wellbeing.
I hope you've figured
out I don't need bribes
in order to treat
employees right.
Yes, I know.
I'm very sorry.
Obviously, I'm not a parent,
so I can't truly empathize.
I know love when
I see it, though.
So don't apologize.
I'm all for parents showing
their kids they really care.
Thanks, boss.
What's all this wheat
and semesa cost?
Tell me if you find out so I can
pay your folks the full price.
No, don't you dare!
It would be way
too expensive, sir!
They're at fault for
sending without asking us!
You know we have a kitchen
with an awesome cook, right?
So it'll get used.
And besides, can't afford
to send this much for free
if they're having trouble
with sales 'cause it'll only
drive the prices down more.
So to make sure these here
grains retain their value,
I'd much prefer to pay
what they're really worth.
'Kay. But maybe pay as
little as you possibly can.
[RYOMA] Then would covering
the base cost plus shipping
be considered as little
as possible, or not?
Sure. That'll work.
Thank you again.
You're great.
Likewise. Thanks for
being on the team.
I'll have a chat with Mister
Pioro sometime soon.
See if he can start buying
crops from their village.
Gotta make sure this
wheat and semesa
is quality stuff first, though.
[SERGE] Let's start with
a little progress report.
[RYOMA]
Oh, wow!
Is this the finished product?
Yes.
Everything's already
lined up to start sales.
Mister Dinome's
working hard to ensure
we're stocked up.
He and his apprentices
are increasing our general
inventory as we speak.
The Founding Festival
might be a good time
for the grand reveal.
You really think so?
You're planning to sell
them out of a stall, then?
Yes. It would be quite fitting.
The Semroid Troupe's
playing at the festival.
They're the ones
who composed the tune
the music boxes play.
Yeah, that is pretty fitting,
but I've never heard
of this troupe.
[SERGE] They're a group
of traveling entertainers
led by a popular bard.
In fact, his popularity has only
recently been on the rise,
but he's also young,
so he has his whole career
ahead of him.
How exciting!
I have to check 'em out now!
Where will the show be?
Well, it's funny that
you should mention it,
but we were hoping
to use the empty lot
right next door to your shop.
What?
Guess that business did move.
We've just been using
it for security training.
If it's possible, we were
hoping to borrow your shop
as well or rather a portion
of it that we'll use
as a sort of greenroom.
My shop?
It's not really designed
to serve that purpose,
but I think one of
the dorms could work
as a makeshift greenroom.
So how does all that sound?
Ooh, I believe we
have ourselves a deal.
I'm most grateful to you.
Heh.
This is payback for all the
times you supported me.
If I have the power to
return a few favors, I will!
Man! So much happened
in just one day!
But what do I do now?
[SELMA yelps]
Wait, that was Miss Selma!
Hey, I'm here!
Are you okay?
Oh, I'm fine.
But the fish, every last
scale smells rotten.
Crap! Forgot to mention
the shappaya, did I?
Is something wrong?
That scent. I know it.
Gosh, not only is it familiar--
It's making my mouth water!
Yeah! Mine, too! Wait!
It's the smell of semesa!
Wow. Guess the nose knows.
It certainly knows that
aroma smells delicious!
It's funny, since it
smelled horrid before.
Huh. Never would've guessed.
It's downright delightful now.
Well, actually...
We only used deodorizing
fluid to remove
the shappaya's strong
scent at first.
The one from the deodorant
slime, since it's so potent.
Though it did improve the smell,
it didn't eliminate it entirely.
Not bad!
Why does it still
taste off, though?
It does have its own flavor.
At least now it's only
mildly unpleasant.
Perhaps we can disguise the
lingering scent with herbs!
It might add a nice
flavor to the fish, too
Sure, let's try it.
Oh, yeah! We can use the semesa!
We do have plenty to go around!
So we squeezed a little
oil out of the semesa,
then took the deodorized
shappaya and fried 'em up
real good in it!
Awesome call, Manager.
The semesa scent
is working wonders!
I can't wait to try it!
C'mon, let's go
get everyone else!
[RYOMA] I'm glad they're
so excited for this.
[LI LING]
That was delicious.
As always!
Miss Selma and the manager
make a great cooking duo!
Thank you. Maybe I can whip up a
dish or two from your hometown
one of these days as well.
That'd be lovely!
I was beginning to miss
Gilmar's cuisine lately,
so I might even join
you in the kitchen
as long as you'll have me.
I love being able to enjoy
food from all over!
I believe this semesa
fried shappaya could be
the start of exotic food nights!
Huh.
Wait, what?
Why are you "huh-ing?"
I'm thinking we should open
a stall for the festival.
Huh?
[CALLUM] We're already lending
our space to the Semroid Troupe,
so why not serve exotic
food for the audience
who comes to watch them perform?
It's certainly doable,
what with our employees
being from so many places.
Could put a bunch of
different items on the menu.
Just think about it.
People go to festivals
to spend money.
It's part of it.
Why not try to bond
with the locals here
while profiting financially?
Um...
I have no doubt a stall
like that would make
the people of Gimul happy,
but what about the
people of this shop?
What does everyone else think?
This would entail labor
outside your duties,
so I won't force it.
And we'd all have to miss part
of the festival as well.
I'll help. It's a good idea.
What a surprise!
This establishment's great,
and though I'm new,
I already know that
I want to stay.
I like it here.
You really make that
choice a simple one, sir.
So, yes.
I'd like to help any way I can.
I love when lots of people get
a chance to eat my cooking,
so I would also
be happy to help.
Give festivalgoers
something to remember!
That's the spirit!
And I'll show everyone the kind
of punch Gilmar cuisine packs!
--Yay!
--Ooh, yum!
Oh, yeah!
We have all that wheat!
Surely it can be used for a
whole slew of different recipes!
I don't foresee an issue
as long as we can keep it
stored fresh until
it's festival time.
An excellent idea.
All right!
We could even sell
the wheat at the stall
as a way to help
advertise the village!
People like the food
made from wheat,
but do they really care
about where it's from?
Never know, so let's find out!
Well, either way count me in!
Sounds like it'll be fun! Right?
It also sounds like
this thing's gonna call
for some major décor.
[FINA]
Mm-hmm/
Okay, then!
Everyone in favor of
applying for a festival stall
of our own, say "aye!"
[GROUP]
Aye!
[RYOMA] Now all of Bamboo
Forest is looking forward
to the Founding Festival.
I hope this goes well.
No, I'll work hard to
make sure it goes well!